Added an option for the tableToMarkdown function not to sort the table (#24686)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_31_64.md

#### Scripts

##### CommonServerPython

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Updated the **tableToMarkdown** function the **sorting** parameter to allow unsorting of the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added **sorting** parameter to the **tableToMarkdown** function to allow unsorting of the table's headers.
```
